Ms. Kay I've offered you the best deal to join SDM group. What do you say?
As I mentioned, the service fee needs to be increased and I need access to all the confidential
bios of SDM group. Otherwise I can't do my job. Money isn't an issue, but I'm sorry about
the access. I can't do anything. I don't have the key to the database.
I can't work with a weak partner, Mr. Shaw. You can leave. We can't sign.
Ms. Kay I'm your best partner. You better go. I'm sorry. I've already refused the CEO
of E.M. company entrance, but he isn't still leaving this for you. Thank you.
Mr. Shaw? Ms. Kay has to work. Please leave. Carol, I found out when the two cousins were competing
and John started E.M., John's mother secretly transferred a lot of STM data into E.M.,
so it's possible that the E.M. company is hiding the truth about your parents' deaths.
Tell E.M. that I'll be at the party on time.